Add Safari 4 as ranged version (#6915)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/compat-data-schema.md

### Ranged versions

> For certain browsers, ranged versions are allowed as it is sometimes impossible, or simply unreasonable, to find out in which early version of a browser a feature shipped. Ranged versions should be used sparingly and only when it is impossible to find out the version number a feature initially shipped in. The following ranged version values are allowed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For certain browsers, ranged versions are allowed as it is sometimes impractical to find out in which early version of a browser a feature shipped. Ranged versions should be used sparingly and only when it is impossible to find out the version number a feature initially shipped in. The following ranged version values are allowed:
```
